ok so maybe you've seen my video about
how my lazy eye controller thing works
now I'm going to show you how to make it
so basically my flashlight this time ok
so you see in the fuse panel there is
you take here cover you can look at it
and basically one of them says so what I
say light control and it's a 58 infuse
goes right there those wires are
sticking in there basically you go jump
out of the car for a second go like
carquest or napa your hardware store and
you buy these things to little little
male blade connectors for a fuse panel
distally this in here goes in your fuse
panel and then this int it gets
connected to a female blade connector
one of those which you can put your
wires on so how this how you make the
make the thing is you put it put your
blade connectors in and then on the left
blade connector you come out into a
little wire and then you connect it to
another female blade connector and then
that connects to hold on female blade
connector we lift into your fuse and
then another blade connector on your
fuse will connect to this bit of speaker
wire the negative on the speaker wire
then the positive on the speaker wire
connects into the other
fuse panel socket and then basically
this runs up type the fuse back in you
don't really need the fuse in there but
I just did that so you know you'd still
have a fuse you can change out so you
don't burn anything out that speaker
wire runs up and over your steering
column then this is where I put my
switch right there and basically that
speaker wire connects to and then of
course take your little pop-up button
and just pull it out that then here's
what I did instead of cutting the wire I
really didn't want to cut anything in my
car I just pull I used pins and pulled
it out the whole thing and just put a
little bit of electrical tape around it
so I disconnected it but I didn't have
to cut it if I ever want I can stick it
back in and then basically not like that
oh by the way the switch it's upside
down so when it when the switch is in
the down position it's on and when it's
in the up it's actually off but I put
mine upside down and then flipped over
the little plate that says on and off so
I refer to off as on and on his off so
how you work this is you press the
button over here press it you turn your
your headlights on and then off they pop
up do the double tap thing
right there then you go over to your
switch and you turn it on or it's
actually off which disconnects the fuse
to your motors for your lights so they
can't move now you can unclick your
button is won't do anything and you just
turn your headlights on and they don't
go anywhere this you can use your
headlights in the sleepy I mode
basically then you just turn off that
the switch will just go down so that's
how you make that thanks for watching